how much of this combo is about AI is it
all AI it's about 80% we've divided the
AI opportunities into three buckets
there's infrastructure which is super
hot second bucket is co-pilots and I
think there's going to be a co-pilot for
every professional job category third
category is pre AI SAS apps that get
turbocharged in their value by adding AI
functionality these forces are creating
a transitional
moment generative AI is going to change
the way we work the way we live with new
technology or new products what are the
second third order
effects all the Venture money in SAS is
going to AI Founders what magical things
can we do with our product and you have
to be thinking that way if not you're
not state-ofthe-art